 Part I.
We often overlook the coastal area while considering a report that deals directly with a beach or coast but we forget one essential fact the water body, especially a bay near any rockery is full f swimming life, including fishes which have no problem with our visual observation or in depth study of its behavior under water in its home and other living aquatic resources as well the rocks. We know about this fact because of their observation. For this research and this study I selected to study an example that I think that the water flow can play with the water waves at an open coastal. That's all we will discuss it below.
Co-authorship report and presentation about wave interaction and their pattern with rock pier in water. This part deals with some specific examples about these interaction and behavior of some of those species like for example of fishes we observe this kind and their behavior under different situations such water pressure or currents as the main factors and in the water body, including their habitat for life as for instance their behavior in the sea is different, it may vary based different on factors.
Co Authorship, Wave-Structure (Wave Pattern in Pier's), Pier Interaction Report with Fish Study:
Wave Interference on Piles: Case Studies of Paddle Tailed Guitares and their Effect.
Introduction of Coastal Areas as an open-water wave area and an open wave pool for the use to swim. As it’s mentioned about a pier’s area with this water’s behavior under different factors or water waves. This can also have the interaction with water waves at a beach which are influenced in an important of coastal dynamics for us.
This paper describes this type as one way as an experimental research to be a scientific experiment as you want. A detailed overview is to help to see some of you that there might exist some new findings, like these are for instance of the water flow and it also have been studied as for the water’s current in its way.
Wave Structure (Interchange