 measurements, observations and theoretical models
@article{Mangler2011ACR,
  title={A coastal report about waves around a stone pier: measurements, observations and theoretical models},
  author={B. Mangler and F. O. Avila},
  journal={Coastal Engineering},
We report on the wave behavior around a stone pier, which is a crucial element for engineering design and coastal protection. The wave field was investigated by means of measurements and observations, and the results were compared with theoretical models. The measurements were performed at different locations and depths around the pier. The results show that the wave field around the pier is characterized by complex interactions between the incident waves and the pier's structure. The measured data were compared with…  Expand
The study presents a detailed analysis of the wave behavior around a stone pier, focusing on the influence of the pier's geometry on the local wave field. The measurements were carried out at various ... Expand
The structure of the wave field around a stone pier is studied through a combination of in-situ measurements, laboratory experiments, and numerical simulations. The pier's geometry and the incident wave ... Expand
Abstract The wave run-up and overtopping at a stone pier have been studied through a combination of measurements, laboratory experiments and numerical simulations. The pier's geometry and the incident wave ... Expand
A numerical simulation of wave field around a stone pier has been performed using the Reynolds-Averaged Navier-Stokes (RANS) equations and the Volume of Fluid (VOF) method to model the free surface. The ... Expand
The interaction between waves and a stone pier is a complex phenomenon that involves various physical processes. In this study, a numerical model is used to simulate the wave behavior around a pier with a ... Expand
Abstract The interaction between waves and a stone pier is a complex phenomenon that involves various physical processes. In this study, a numerical model is used to simulate the wave behavior around a stone ... Expand
Abstract The wave